feat: document Memfault integration for AWS (#431)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/memfault/Index.rst

.. _index_memfault:

> Memfault Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memfault integration
```

####################

.. intro_start

The `nRF Connect SDK <https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf>`_ provides `integration with Memfault <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/others/memfault_ncs.html>`_. 

> By default the Memfault data is sent using HTTPs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Memfault data is sent using HTTPS.
```

Using MQTT is possible and preferred because it reduces the power consumption.

> The `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ provides the neccessary cloud resources to send Memfault data using the already established MQTT cloud connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ provides the necessary cloud resources to send Memfault data using the already established MQTT cloud connection.
```

> By default the Memfault data is sent using HTTPs.
> Using MQTT is possible and preferred because it reduces the power consumption.
> The `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ provides the neccessary cloud resources to send Memfault data using the already established MQTT cloud connection.
> Core dumps, which are collected when the application crashes, are still sent to Memfault using HTTPs this only happens once after a reboot and it allows to identify issues with the MQTT connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Memfault data is sent using HTTPs.
Using MQTT is possible and preferred, because it reduces power consumption.
The `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ provides the neccessary cloud resources to send Memfault data using the established MQTT cloud connection.
Core dumps, which are collected when the application crashes, are still sent to Memfault using HTTPs.
This only happens once after a reboot and it allows you to identify issues with the MQTT connection.
```

Reviewer 3: Should this be HTTPS instead?

.. intro_end

> The integration can be used standalone and does not required an exisiting instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker <getting-started>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the integration standalone and without an existing instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker <getting-started>`.
```
